fix(docs): Update documentation backup-and-restore (#15679)
immich-app/immich: docs/docs/administration/backup-and-restore.md

docker compose create           # Create Docker containers for Immich apps without running them
docker start immich_postgres    # Start Postgres server
sleep 10                        # Wait for Postgres server to start up

> # Check the database user if you deviated from the default (default is 'postgres')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Check the database user if you deviated from the default (`postgres`)
```

Author: I think I'll just remove this altogether in an updated PR since I think your concern about maintaining different files is quite valid.

docker start immich_postgres                      # Start Postgres server
sleep 10                                          # Wait for Postgres server to start up
docker exec -it immich_postgres bash              # Enter the Docker shell and run the following command

> # Check the database user if you deviated from the default (default is 'postgres'). If your backup ends in `.gz`, replace `cat` with `gunzip`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Check the database user if you deviated from the default (`postgres`). If your backup ends in `.gz`, replace `cat` with `gunzip`
```
